Improve FX group doc wording (#17181)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/components/fx.md

### Value Groups

[Value groups](https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/fx#hdr-Value_Groups) make it easier to produce and consume many values of

> the same type. In a nutshell, on one side component can add any types into groups and on the other side other components

Author: I reworded this sentence, WDYT ?

to consume that group.

For example:

> Here, are two components adding a `server.Endpoint` type to the `server` group (note the `group` label in the `fx.Out` struct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, two components add a `server.Endpoint` type to the `server` group (note the `group` label in the `fx.Out` struct).
```

}
```

> Here, a component requests all the types added to the `server` group. This take the form of a slice received at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, a component requests all the types added to the `server` group. This takes the form of a slice received at
```
